what do you know about India yeah the
land of spices the Taj Mahal and all
that jazz but what about all the bizarre
world records held in this country from
the world's longest moustache to the
fastest nose typer on the planet and
every oddity in between okay let's start
with something that'll really tug at
your heartstrings standing at just two
feet tall is an adorable little cow that
goes by the name Mun account but she's
not just any tiny cow
she's the world's shortest and cutest if
you asked me but you didn't so let's
move on
hey you feeling a little hungry how
about some chapati in case you've never
heard of it chip potty is a flatbread
that's traditional to Indian cuisine if
you want to cook it yourself
all you need is whole wheat flour or
chapati flour ice-cold water and a bit
of salt oh sorry this isn't a Cooking
Channel now is it mm anyway for anyone
with eyes bigger than their belly how
would you like to have a go the world's
biggest chapati it only weighs 319
pounds yeah good luck since we're on the
topic of food
here's another record-breaking
mouth-watering item biryani is a
traditional Indian dish made with rice
meat vegetables and eggs Wow
well a company called co-owner of foods
decided to make a whole bunch of it back
in 2008 and when I say a whole bunch I
mean
31,000 pounds of the stuff you could
feed a whole village okay let's move
away from the food before my stomach
decides it's time for lunch let me tell
you about major Singh this guy carries
around 77 pounds of pure turban made
from 1312 feet of cloth and yes it's the
world's longest for now but it looks
like after Singh money and he's 2,100 16
foot long turban are coming for that
title until that day comes Guinness has
major saints turban as the longest now
let's delve a little deeper into the
most bizarre records India holds a guy
named Vinod Kumar Chowdhury from New
Delhi holds the world record for the
fastest typing using only his nose in
46.3 seconds he typed the sentence
Guinness World Records have challenged
me to type this sentence using my nose
in the fastest time you think you can
beat his record you better get to
practising then March 4 2010 marked a
very important event at least when it
comes to the fascinating world of facial
hair a man named ROM Singh Chauhan broke
the world record for the longest
moustache ever his whiskers are about 14
feet long and it took him yet ready for
this 32 years to grow on October 26 2017
578 women formed the longest hand
massage chain in the world the probably
very relaxing event was organized by
Bajaj almond drops hair oil in order to
promote their new product man I bet
those guys carrying around those
larger-than-life turbans could use a
nice head massage don't you think we all
know that Yoga is a really important
part of Indian culture well have you
ever seen the world's largest yoga class
and my is no surprise that it took
place in India but exactly how large it
was it might come as a shock On June 21
2018 which is world yoga day by the way
a hundred thousand nine hundred
eighty-four people gathered in the
Indian town of Kota for one massive yoga
sesh they nearly doubled the previous
record that was also said in India with
fifty four thousand five hundred twenty
two participants in 2017 hmm I wonder
how many people will be there this year
now this one proves that India is one of
the most neighborly countries on our
planet in 2018 one thousand seven
hundred thirty people gathered in Kerala
for a nice friendly handshake and a
world record for the longest handshake
relay Congrats to Suraj and Rajesh Kumar
my hair for creating the world's largest
remote control in 2018 the remote is
almost 15 feet long and get this it
actually works in everything all I got
to say is one there's a remote you never
have to worry about losing and two how
big is the TV it goes to if you're ever
feeling down and really in need of a hug
just head to India and if you want a
whole bunch of them just find Jaya Simha
rubber Allah who broke the world record
for the most hugs given in one hour by
an individual with 2436
warms my heart when most people think of
famous Indians they probably imagine
Mohandas Gandhi but what if you saw four
thousand seven hundred and seventy two
of them well I'd probably get my eyes
checked right away anyway you could have
on October 2 2018 if he happened to be
in the city of Nalgonda where the
world's largest gathering of people
dressed as Mohandas Gandhi took place
they even had fake mustaches glasses and
walking sticks
remember Rahm Singh Chauhan and he's
epic moustache well how about the
world's longest hair technically it's
the longest hair on a teenager 16 year
old now launching patel to be exact the
teens record-breaking hair is 5 feet 7
inches long want to know how she
achieved it it's kind of simple she just
stopped cutting her hair no seriously
she said that she decided never to cut
it again after getting a really bad
haircut when she was 6 must have been
pretty traumatic for her well since
we're on the topic of hair an indian man
named victor Anthony has the longest ear
hair in the world it's a little over 7
inches long so yeah there's that on
March 21 2017 4620 people in India set a
new world record for the largest tree
hug this record was part of the
International Day of forests and each
participant had to hug one tree for at
least 60 seconds hey nature needs l-love
- let's get back to hilariously large
items like a giant flute yup it's the
longest one you can find in the world
and it's just shy of 12 feet long and in
case you were wondering yes you can play
it in fact it was used to play the
Indian national anthem
now meet the lovely Dottie kiss Angie
arms you might know her from American
Horror Story freak show where she played
the role of ma petite but she's not just
famous on the big screen she's also the
world's shortest woman she got the title
at the age of 18 and stands at 2 foot
one Guinness world record judge Mike
dinella is quoted as saying she may be
the shortest living woman but Jody arms
is one of the biggest personalities we
have in the Guinness World Records
universe man I'd like to meet her too
speaking of the big screen here's a
movie poster you couldn't miss have you
tried actually we have two records
broken here the world's largest poster
advertises the most expensive film
produced in India the poster itself
covers an area of about 50 1,600 square
feet that's almost as big as a football
field by the way now I see why the movie
was so expensive the Central Institute
of plastics Engineering and Technology
managed to break a new world record On
January 23 2019 when they got three
thousand three hundred seventy three
people together to form the largest
human recycling logo now that's an
eye-catching way to draw attention to
the world's plastic waste crisis India
sure knows that they are to about
recycling and they don't just stand
around and make big signs with her body
on October 2 2018 over 70 3,500 pounds
of plastic bottles were recycled within
a period of 12 hours breaking the new
world record looks like they're really
trying to do something about the
country's pollution epidemic which is
definitely good news alright since we're
talking about India you know I have to
mention dance in this country and does
hold several records connected to it in
February 2017 9219 participants
presented the largest Bollywood dance in
order to show love and respect to their
country but that's just the beginning
have you ever heard of the common knotch
dance it's a pretty mesmerizing
traditional Indian dance especially when
performed by 3049 people in 61
synchronized circles now that'll make
you dizzy the number one spot in today's
list is a real gem no seriously it's a
giant gem well a ruby to be exact and
it's the largest one in the world rifle
e-dub the king ruby the 48 pound beauty
can be found in the prestige gems and
jewels showroom in Bangalore India
a damn stone the size of a football and
weighing as much as a child now I've
seen everything
so which of these records surprised you
the most let me know down in the
comments don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]